# Chaining Commands

## 1 Chaining with Semicolons
ran /challenge/pwn; /challenge/college in the terminal to run the commands sequentially and got the flag:
hacker@chaining~chaining-with-semicolons:~$ /challenge/pwn; /challenge/college
Yes! You chained /challenge/pwn and /challenge/college! 
Here is your flag:pwn.college{8MCVmrCSFbd-VjTbtfM5Z_tgRqf.dVTN4QDL0UTO0czW}

## 2 Your First Shell Script
#Step 1: Open or Create the Shell Script
nano x.sh

#Step 2: Add the Commands
#!/bin/bash
/challenge/pwn
/challenge/college

#Step 3: Save and Exit
#Press Ctrl + O to save the file.
#Press Enter to confirm.
#Press Ctrl + X to exit the editor.

#Step 4: Make the Script Executable
chmod +x x.sh

#Step 5: Run the Script with Bash
bash x.sh

#Step 6: Check Output
#The output should reflect the results of running both /challenge/pwn and /challenge/college.
pwn.college{cshDHznz6PpCRqogwM0e6kCPL4N.dFzN4QDL0UTO0czW}

## 3 Redirecting Script Output
> for stdout, 2> for stderr, < for stdin, >> and 2>> for append-mode redirection, >& for redirecting to other file descriptors, and | for piping to another command.
pwn.college{gFYPWTTyZezwfiux1ghu-UcjQP_.dhTM5QDL0UTO0czW}

## 4 Executable Shell Scripts
hacker@chaining~executable-shell-scripts:~$ nano x.sh
hacker@chaining~executable-shell-scripts:~$ chmod a+x x.sh
hacker@chaining~executable-shell-scripts:~$ ./x.sh
Congratulations on your shell script execution! Your flag:
pwn.college{Y_BKb9Cl0kQ4FyNCvv7nVMMXQ_D.dRzNyUDL0UTO0czW}
