# PONDERING PATH 
Thus far, you have invoked commands in several ways:
Through an absolute path (e.g., /challenge/run).
Through a relative path (e.g., ./run).
Through a bare command name (e.g., ls).

PATH, that stores a bunch of directory paths in which the shell will search for programs corresponding to commands

## 1 The PATH Variable
hacker@path~the-path-variable:~$ PATH=""
hacker@path~the-path-variable:~$ /challenge/run
Trying to remove /flag...
/challenge/run: line 4: rm: No such file or directory
The flag is still there! I might as well give it to you!

ran PATH="" in the terminal to set the PATH variable to an empty string
ran /challenge/run in the terminal to run the command and got the flag:


## 2 Setting PATH
hacker@path~setting-path:~$ PATH=/challenge/more_commands
hacker@path~setting-path:~$ /challenge/run
Invoking 'win'....
Congratulations! You properly set the flag and 'win' has launched!

ran PATH=/challenge/more_commands in the terminal to set the PATH variable to the directory /challenge/more_commands
ran /challenge/run in the terminal to run the command and got the flag:
pwn.college{MynY6ZtXWghAMnMjeGRKo406sHJ.dVzNyUDL0UTO0czW}


## 3 Adding Commands
hacker@path~adding-commands:~$ touch win
hacker@path~adding-commands:~$ nano win
hacker@path~adding-commands:~$ chmod a+x win
hacker@path~adding-commands:~$ export PATH=$PATH:/home/hacker
hacker@path~adding-commands:~$ /challenge/run
Invoking 'win'....

added the following content to the file:
cat /flag
saved the file and ran chmod a+x win in the terminal to make the script executable
ran export PATH=$PATH:/home/hacker in the terminal to add the directory /home/hacker to the PATH variable
pwn.college{UVbYYdIK7hmnZyeoVsURjynsbAY.dZzNyUDL0UTO0czW}


## 4 Hijacking Commands
added the following content to the file:
cat /flag
saved the file and ran chmod a+x rm in the terminal to make the script executable
ran PATH="~:$PATH" in the terminal to set the PATH variable to ~:$PATH (add /home/hacker to the beginning of the PATH so that the rm script which we created will be executed instead of the system rm command)
ran /challenge/run in the terminal to run the command and got flag.

hacker@path~hijacking-commands:~$ touch rm
hacker@path~hijacking-commands:~$ nano rm
hacker@path~hijacking-commands:~$ chmod a+x rm
hacker@path~hijacking-commands:~$ PATH="~:$PATH"
hacker@path~hijacking-commands:~$ /challenge/run
Trying to remove /flag...
Found 'rm' command at /usr/bin/rm. Executing!
pwn.college{0Pf4kHBHMnOFgLQafp4MYVUQW3a.ddzNyUDL0UTO0czW}
