## Challenge 1 - Listing Processes
**Overview:** running processes using the ps command; ps either stands for "process snapshot" or "process status", and it lists processes
each process has a numerical identifier (the Process ID, or PID), which is a number that uniquely identifies every running process in a Linux environment.
**ps -ef and ps aux**

**Commands:**
ps -ef in the terminal to list all processes and their details
saw the process /challenge/29105-run-14038 running, so ran /challenge/29105-run-14038 in the terminal and got the flag: 

**Flag:** pwn.college{M0WuZ3Uj6Q-znHe5rSESqpTfq6l.dhzM4QDL0UTO0czW}

## Challenge 2 - Killing Processes
**Overview:** terminate processes using kill command; kill to terminate it by passing the process identifier

**Commands:** 
`ps -ef in the terminal to list all processes and their details
found the process /challenge/dont_run running, so noted it's PID (75)
ran kill 75 in the terminal to kill the process
ran /challenge/run in the terminal and got the flag:`

**Flag:** pwn.college{cs0y_goK-Gz_6e-0OEiEa192SdQ.dJDN4QDL0UTO0czW}

## Challenge 3 - Interrupting Processes
**Overview:** Ctrl-C sends an "interrupt" to whatever application is waiting on input from the terminal and, 
typically, this causes the application to cleanly exit.

**Commands:** 
`hacker@processes~interrupting-processes:~$ /challenge/run
I could give you the flag... but I won't, until this process exits. Remember,
you can force me to exit with Ctrl-C. Try it now!
^C
Good job! You have used Ctrl-C to interrupt this process! Here is your flag:`

**Flag:** pwn.college{UEzjwLmsKeDnFzJ2oYCgf2LGx0o.dNDN4QDL0UTO0czW}

## Challenge 4 - Suspending Processes
**Overview:** suspend processes to the background with Ctrl-Z

**Commands:** 
`ran /challenge/run in the terminal and then hit Ctrl+Z to suspend the process
ran /challenge/run in the terminal again to launch another copy of
the process while the first one was suspended and got the flag:`

**Flag:** pwn.college{Q5OUnEieYaEYeAe4VvNKBnXH8q_.dVDN4QDL0UTO0czW}

## Challenge 5 - Resuming Processes
**Overview:** To resume processes, your shell provides the fg command, 
a builtin that takes the suspended process, resumes it, and puts it back in the foreground of your terminal.

**Commands:**
`ran /challenge/run in the terminal and then hit Ctrl+Z to suspend the process
ran bg in the terminal to background the suspended process
ran /challenge/run in the terminal again to launch another copy of the process while the first one was running in the background and 
got the flag: `

**Flag:** pwn.college{EnNOQo4UCA9a7rEA9yNVjX8K1y3.dZDN4QDL0UTO0czW}

## Challenge 6 - Backgrounding Processes
**Overview:** resume processes in the background with the bg command

**Commands:** 
`ran /challenge/run in the terminal and then hit Ctrl+Z to suspend the process
ran bg in the terminal to background the suspended process
ran /challenge/run in the terminal again to launch another copy of the process while the 
first one was running in the background and got the flag:`

**Flag:** pwn.college{AKSCAk6egsF5MuY_UXfys4Xpw79.ddDN4QDL0UTO0czW}

## Challenge 7 - Foregrounding Processes
`ran /challenge/run in the terminal and got the following output:
To pass this level, you need to suspend me, resume the suspended process in the  background, and *then* foreground it without re-suspending it! You can  background me with Ctrl-Z (and resume me in the background with 'bg') or, if  you're not ready to do that for whatever reason, just hit Enter and I'll exit!
hit Ctrl+Z to suspend the process
ran bg in the terminal to background the suspended process and got the following output:
Yay, I'm now running the background! Because of that, this text will probably  overlap weirdly with the shell prompt. Don't panic; just hit Enter a few times  to scroll this text out. After that, resume me into the foreground with 'fg';  I'll wait.
ran fg in the terminal to foreground the process and got the following output:
YES! Great job! I'm now running in the foreground. 
Hit Enter for your flag!
hit Enter in the terminal and got the flag:`

**Flag:** pwn.college{E9yuu3ZGfdzTJbxi_p_iBZCLvRe.dhDN4QDL0UTO0czW}

## Challenge 8 - Start Backgrounding Processes
**Overview:** 

**Commands:** 

**Flag:** pwn.college{UUwF7Oq1aOVFzQxBZBdlm0lM1Gj.dlDN4QDL0UTO0czW}

## Challenge 9 - Process Exit Codes
**Overview:**

**Commands:** 
`hacker@processes~process-exit-codes:~$ /challenge/get-code
Exiting with an error code!
hacker@processes~process-exit-codes:~$ /challenge/submit-code $?
CORRECT! Here is your flag:`

**Flag:** pwn.college{MSDwX-ab5nGfY4t0TSptpYlv6Xv.dljN4UDL0UTO0czW}
